ah the bermuda triangle such a lovely
spot
well it's also known as the devil's
triangle
sailors and pilots around the world have
been scared of this place for a long
time
stories of missing ships and planes have
made plenty of people think it's an area
of
paranormal activity many people try to
avoid traveling through it
and their fears make a lot of sense
because lots of the things that have
happened there
are difficult to explain but let's have
a look at flight radar for the area
the bermuda triangle is where the
caribbean islands are
and they're very popular places for
people going on vacation
millions of tourists visit these places
every year
and they travel there on ships and
planes plenty of small airplanes and
boats
constantly travel between the remote
islands and
they don't encounter any spooky stuff so
you can be sure that all of the planes
on this map are going to reach their
destinations
in one piece but the myths about the
bermuda triangle must have come from
somewhere so far scientists and
researchers haven't managed to explain
some of the incidents that happened
there so let's deal with all the rumors
and investigate some of the weirdest
things that have gone on
in the bermuda triangle mysterious
things took place there
even before we had modern satellite
navigation systems
pilots and the captains of ships used to
navigate with compasses and maps
this is where people noticed the first
strange thing about the bermuda triangle
many old sailors claimed that their
compasses just used to go crazy in this
area
their needles would just spin around or
point in the wrong direction
but there's actually nothing creepy
about this there's a magnetic anomaly
here
which is created by metal underground
compasses react to magnetic anomalies in
strange ways
they can be found all around the world
and scientists know a lot about them
plus because ships and planes now have
modern technology
they're no longer a danger to navigation
the gulf stream also runs through the
bermuda triangle
think of it as a river that flows within
the ocean
its current can reach a speed of 6 feet
per second
this means it can probably be blamed for
pushing some ships that pass through
there
off course when they stray from their
paths it's pretty easy for these ships
to get lost
but what's also important here is that
the air of the gulf stream mixes with
cold air
and the difference in pressure can cause
severe storms
some people think that these storms can
become so powerful
that they just demolish any ships and
aircraft that are nearby
a lot of newbie sailors and pilots don't
take this into account when they travel
through the triangle
by the way this is why it also gets
called hurricane alec
other people have more unusual
explanations for the bermuda triangle
though
there's a theory that it's a favorite
spot for visiting aliens from outer
space
all the people that went missing there
were actually taken by the aliens for
their experiments
hey like i already said lots of folks
like this area for vacations
other people think that the triangle was
home to the ancient civilization of
atlantis a few thousand years ago
in a place where the modern bahamas are
now they say this civilization was
mysteriously absorbed by the bermuda
triangle
the theory is that the triangle is
basically a sort of
portal to another dimension and all the
missing ships and planes were
sucked into it all these ideas are
probably just
myths though it's more likely that the
tough weather conditions are what's
really behind the mystery of the bermuda
triangle
along with simple human mistakes but the
experts still can't explain a few
incidents that happen there
including one that apparently involved
time travel
it all happened in december 1970.
bruce gernon was flying a plane from
andros islands to the florida coast
when he was at 11 500 feet a giant
cloud appeared right in front of him it
got bigger and bigger
and there was no way he could fly around
it instead
he had to go through it as he flew
inside
the plane was surrounded by darkness it
was if the day had turned to night in a
split second
suddenly bruce began to see white
flashes of light all around him
they were so bright that they lit up the
entire sky
but they weren't lightning bolts
although he really couldn't explain
what they were his journey through the
strange cloud
lasted almost half an hour during this
time the cloud changed shape
the space around the plane formed a
tunnel and then
the tunnel began to get narrower all the
instruments and navigation equipment in
the plane started going crazy
and the electronics stopped working
bruce tried really hard to stay calm as
he struggled with the controls
then a white light appeared at the end
of the tunnel
the plane escaped the cloud tunnel just
before closed
everything seemed fine but now bruce
found himself in some kind of white
fog he had no idea where he was
he managed to contact ground control and
was shocked when they told him
his plane was already in the airspace
above miami
something impossible had happened
bruce's plane was meant to cover a
distance of about 250 miles during the
flight
this usually took about one and a half
hours but he'd managed it
in just 47 minutes about two times
faster than normal
when he landed the pilot went to check
the amount of fuel left in his tank
it turned out that he had used up a lot
less than the usual amount of fuel
how could this have happened well
records show that a lot of sunspots were
detected on the surface of the sun that
day
and there was a strong solar wind this
could easily have made the electronics
and devices on the plane go
crazy but what about the mysterious
cloud
just like the rest of the bermuda
triangle the florida coast is a place
where two large air currents meet
one has high pressure and the other is a
low pressure one
this causes a lot of storm clouds in the
area but people
are still trying to work out how bruce
was able to cover the distance so
quickly
some people say that a kind of
mysterious dark energy
woo was involved others believe it was a
gravitational
anomaly that curved space and time
others think bruce is just a fraud
we still don't know the truth something
just as weird happened in 1945
five planes went missing all at the same
time
some trainee pilots were practicing
their navigation skills out over the sea
but when they'd finished it seems they
couldn't find their way back home
and they disappeared many people assume
they just ran out of fuel
this seems likely but still the
circumstances were really strange
the trainees were being supervised by an
experienced pilot
who had 2500 hours of flight time
he would never let a group of newbie
pilots get that far away from their base
even now people still debate what could
have happened
someone says the pilots ran into
something supernatural out there in the
bermuda triangle
but who knows
just three years after this a passenger
jet was heading for miami from san juan
puerto rico
the 32 people on board disappeared
without a trace
there weren't any storm clouds this time
the skies were clear throughout the
flight
but experts think that when the plane
was about 50 miles from the coast
it could have been hit by a strong wind
that knocked it off course
years later a similar plane was found in
this area of the bermuda triangle
but because no one could work out the
registration it was impossible to say
for sure
if it was the same one these stories
sure are strange
but there's really no need to be too
worried just remember this
a few years ago the world wildlife fund
did some research
and came up with a list of the most
dangerous seas in the world
the bermuda triangle is not even on this
list
that's probably because no more
accidents happen there
than anywhere else in the world well i
feel better
don't you